DEFINITIONS
     Process ID.
             Each active process in the system is uniquely identified by a
             non-negative integer called a process ID.  The range of this ID
             is from 0 to 30000.

     Parent process ID
             A new process is created by a currently active process; (see
             fork(2)).  The parent process ID of a process is initially the
             process ID of its creator.  If the creating process exits, the
             parent process ID of each child is set to the ID of a system
             process, launchd(8).

     Process Group
             Each active process is a member of a process group that is iden-
             tified by a non-negative integer called the process group ID.
             This is the process ID of the group leader.  This grouping per-
             mits the signaling of related processes (see termios(4)) and the
             job control mechanisms of csh(1).

     Session
             A session is a set of one or more process groups.  A session is
             created by a successful call to setsid(2), which causes the
             caller to become the only member of the only process group in the
             new session.

     Session leader
             A process that has created a new session by a successful call to
             setsid(2), is known as a session leader.  Only a session leader
             may acquire a terminal as its controlling terminal (see
             termios(4)).

     Controlling process
             A session leader with a controlling terminal is a controlling
             process.

     Controlling terminal
             A terminal that is associated with a session is known as the con-
             trolling terminal for that session and its members.

     Terminal Process Group ID
             A terminal may be acquired by a session leader as its controlling
             terminal.  Once a terminal is associated with a session, any of
             the process groups within the session may be placed into the
             foreground by setting the terminal process group ID to the ID of
             the process group.  This facility is used to arbitrate between